[PIR-35] Document user attribute mappings and update API key instructions (#25)
mParticle/docs: src/pages/integrations/iterable/event/index.md

## Data Processing Notes

Iterable will not accept data more than 24 hours old.

## Prerequisites

In order to forward events to Iterable, you must have an account with Iterable. You can sign into your Iterable account at [https://app.iterable.com/login/](https://app.iterable.com/login)

### Create a Mobile API Key 

> Create a dedicated **Mobile API key** for the Iterable Event integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a dedicated _Mobile_ API key for the Iterable Event integration:
```

> 1. In the Iterable UI, navigate to to Integrations -> API Keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Iterable, navigate to **Integrations > API Keys**.
```

> 2. Click the "NEW API KEY" button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **New API Key**.
```

> 3. Provide a descriptive name such as "mparticle-event-integration"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Provide a descriptive name such as `mparticle-event-integration`.
```

> 4. Select the [Mobile](https://support.iterable.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035018152-Iterable-s-iOS-SDK-#_5-create-a-mobile-api-key-in-iterable) type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For the [API key type](https://support.iterable.com/hc/articles/360043464871#types-of-api-keys), select **Mobile**.
```

> 5. Click "CREATE"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Create**.
```

6. Save the value of the key created. You will not be able to view it again. This value is needed to configure the Iterable Event Integration in mParticle.

<aside class="warning"> You should always use an Iterable <strong>Mobile API key</strong> for the Iterable Event Integration. The Mobile API key's permissions are scoped to the endpoints required for sending data to Iterable and using Iterable's mobile features. If you're implementing the <a href="/integrations/iterable/event/#iterable-kit-integration">Iterable Kit</a>, mParticle will send this API key to the client-side SDK. Using a Standard API key will expose access to your project's data.</aside>

### Create Push Integrations

> If you will be sending push registration events, you will need to provide the Iterable Push Integration names as part of the mParticle configuration. This can be done from the Iterable platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you will be sending push registration events, you will need to provide the Iterable Push Integration names as part of the mParticle configuration. This can be done from Iterable:
```

* Android ID
* mParticle ID

## User Attributes

The Iterable integration will automatically map the following mParticle user attributes to corresponding Iterable user attributes:

| mParticle User Attribute | Iterable User Attribute | Description |
|---|---|---|

> | `$Mobile` | `phoneNumber` | The user's mobile phone number. In Iterable, the `phoneNumber` attribute is used primarily for sending SMS text messages. For more information on the `phoneNumber` attribute, see [User Profile Fields Used By Iterable - phoneNumber](https://support.iterable.com/hc/en-us/articles/217744303-User-Profile-Fields-Used-by-Iterable-#phonenumber) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `$Mobile` | `phoneNumber` | The user's mobile phone number. Iterable uses the `phoneNumber` attribute primarily for sending SMS text messages. For more information, see [User Profile Fields Used By Iterable](https://support.iterable.com/hc/articles/217744303#phonenumber). |
```
